ah this is good
hello little person I'm Bryan I could
save you money of your vehicle that told
me a grown robot should not miss a
little kitty oh dear
oh there's someone who needs my life
excuse me madam did you know you could
say that to me oh you know verily bloody
peeping tom sorry I you teenagers are
gonna shine oh my goodness it old fanny
we you need a bigger
mmm look at I help today
my pal hello dear
aren't you a pretty thing can we hug
well maybe we can go on a date love me
there how's that I'm going to have it go
my desires are just too much for her
what is happening here pinky
any device on his mini home I feel like
sure dirty man I'm going back to getting
motorist advice someone will come along
on this road soon great I can hear
someone now I must get to my place hi
we donek we assign data seekers we have
come to find work on your planet
what is this some foreigner has got
there first that is interfering with our
human rights we will crush you on this
oh thanks
hi I'm Brian I can save you money do you
have a big car or a little car take him
we will get a reward send him back to
his own planet